Gu Yan has already gone to Zhangsheng Santiao,
Even when I call him, he always gets a bad call.
The information is returned simply. I don’t know what you are doing.
Why couldn't he tell me anything.
Oh, my king,
Go home for dinner in the evening. Dad can help you if you have something to do.
If anything happens, I can tell you over the phone.
Oops, why are you so cold-hearted?
You solved such a big problem,
You also come back to see him.
His current experience of love is not very good,
You'd better come back and stop fighting,
What's the final analysis?
You are sisters now
Tang Jiaguan and I only have lost memories
As for why
I came up because I knew it in my heart
Why do you need to come over now?
Why do you talk to dad so much? Okay, okay, okay?
Even if you don’t recognize Tang Jiaren
But something happened to Tang You this time
I heard that it was given to a consultant
There are some relationships, why don't you clarify them?
It has nothing to do with him. Stop talking nonsense.
Although we talked about not having a good relationship with me
but these things
Find someone to surround you with
I want to go back and see you
Just listen to what he says
I'll come back tonight, okay, okay
Bring your husband back with you
He'll do it next time, okay?
See you that night
Malaysians are all earthly people.
And you have no family affection at all
Call me back tonight
You definitely don’t want to trade with me and Tan Yao
The so-called sisterhood is so simple